nano: add new command for backup (#4397)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nano.md

- Indent new lines to the previous lines' indentation:

`nano -i {{filename}}`

> - Before saving, back up the previous version of the file with name = "currentName+tilde" (useful for quick edits)

Reviewer: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Back up the previous version as `{{filename}}~` when save:
```
or
```suggestion
- Before saving, back up the previous version as `{{filename}}~`:
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe `on save` instead of `when save` there @navarroaxel? Other than that, either is fine :+1:

Author: If we're going that way, how about this?:
```suggestion
- Before saving, back up the previous version of the file with name = "currentName+tilde" (useful for quick edits)
+ Before modification, backup separately as `{{currentFileName}}~`
```

Reviewer: @sbrl ?

Reviewer 2: That would work too! Let's do that. Although, we prefer `snake_case` to `pascalCase`:
```suggestion
- Before modification, backup separately as `{{current_file_name}}~`:
```
